the biggest of all fish 30 tons in
weight 12 meters long a whale shark
it's huge bulk is sustained by near
microscopic creatures of the sea
plankton
whale sharks cruise on regular habitual
routes between the best feeding grounds
in February that takes them to the
surface waters far from the coast of
Venezuela others are already here
baitfish have come for the same reason
to feed on the plankton
the whale shark has timed its arrival
exactly right oddly the tiny fish swarm
around
they're using it as a shield
other predatory fish are lurking nearby
yellowfin tuna they seem wary of the
the shark dives as if to escape from
such overcrowding
now the tuna have a chance to attack the
unprotected baitfish
but then back comes the chant
it has taken a vast mouthful of the
baitfish itself
plankton it seems is not the only food
for a whale shark
both sharpen tuna feast together
but the tuna must beware
even they can end up in the whale sharks
stamina
you